README.md, before:

# Test App

This is a test app using php and react to detect user device.
the backend is build with Slim Framework to return a json response.
The client is a simple react app which connects to the api to get the device response.

## MySQL

Showing all campaigns of advertiser #100 that have more than 50 ads

```
SELECT  title, text, image, sponsoredBy, trackingUrl , count(_)
From ads
WHERE
campaignId IN (SELECT
id
FROM
campaigns
WHERE
advertiserId = 100)
HAVING count(_) >= 50;
```

showing all campaigns that do not have any ads

```SELECT id FROM
campaign
WHERE NOT EXIST (
SELECT adsCampaignId FROM ads WHERE id = adsCampaignId
);
```

## API answer:

### selecting a specific ad
Method: GET, Uri: /ads/:id

### selecting all ads of a specific campaign
Method: GET, Uri: /campaigns/:id/ads/

### selecting all ads of a specific advertiser
Method: GET, Uri: /advertisers/:id/ads/

### creating an ad
Method: POST, Uri: /ads

### modifying a specific ad
Method: PUT or PATCH, Uri: ads/:id

## How to run locally

`docker-compose up -d`

The app should be accessible under `localhost:3000`

## Contributing

## Versioning

## License
````

Commit message:

add dependency injection for service, separate client into a different docker-compose

README.md, after:

# Test App

This is a test app using php and react to detect user device.
the backend is build with Slim Framework to return a json response.
The client is a simple react app which connects to the api to get the device response.

## MySQL

Showing all campaigns of advertiser #100 that have more than 50 ads

```
SELECT  title, text, image, sponsoredBy, trackingUrl , count(*)
From ads
WHERE
campaignId IN (SELECT
id
FROM
campaigns
WHERE
advertiserId = 100)
HAVING count(*) >= 50;
```

showing all campaigns that do not have any ads

```SELECT id FROM
campaign
WHERE NOT EXIST (
SELECT adsCampaignId FROM ads WHERE id = adsCampaignId
);
```

## API answer:

### selecting a specific ad

Method: GET, Uri: /ads/:id

### selecting all ads of a specific campaign

Method: GET, Uri: /campaigns/:id/ads/

### selecting all ads of a specific advertiser

Method: GET, Uri: /advertisers/:id/ads/

### creating an ad

Method: POST, Uri: /ads

### modifying a specific ad

Method: PUT or PATCH, Uri: ads/:id

## How to run locally

To run the backend, in the root folder run:
`docker-compose up -d`
The php app should be accessible under `localhost:8080`

To run the client, go to the client folder
`cd client/`
`docker-compose up -d --build`

The react app should be accessible under `localhost:3000`

## Contributing

## Versioning

## License

```

```
